{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset129 AppleSDGothicNeo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue35;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18431;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Creative Portion\
\
5 points: The user gains access to popular movies when the app loads. 
\f1 \cf2 The app loads the data in a collection view with the image of the movie poster and the movie\'a1\'afs title. 
\f0 \cf2 This is a 5 point functionality as I\'92ve implemented an api call that runs based on the value of the segmented control. These collection view cells also have the ability to push to detailed view controllers. This would be helpful for the users as they are able to visually see what movies are popular at the moment and have direct access to the information of those popular movies.\
\
5 points: The user can gain access to up coming movies by using the segmented control at any time of the app. 
\f1 \cf2 The app loads the data in a collection view with the image of the movie poster and the movie\'a1\'afs title. 
\f0 \cf2 This is a 5 point functionality as I\'92ve implemented an api call that runs based on the value of the segmented control. These collection view cells also have the ability to push to detailed view controllers. This would be helpful for the users as they are able to visually see what movies are up coming and have direct access to the information of those up coming movies.\cf2 \
\
3 points: The user can clear his/her favorites list using the clear button. This is a 3 point functionality, as I\'92ve called basic methods such as removeObjects and removeAll in the target method of the button. I also had to write on the property list locally, so that the list is cleared even when the user relaunches the app.\
\
5 points: The user can touch on one of the tableview cells in the favorites and that will allow him/her to access detailed page of that movie. The detailed page will contain another tableview that has the titles of at most 10 similar movies with the movie that the user clicked. This is a 5 points functionality as I\'92ve called another API call that uses the movie id to get the information of similar movies. I had to save the data of the favorite movies in plist of dictionary in order to store the id and title in a key-value pair. This would help users who want to watch similar movies as the one of their favorites have easy recommendations.\
\
5 points: \cf2 The user can touch on one of the tableview cells and that will allow him/her to access detailed page of that movie. The detailed page will along with the similar movies have comments that review the movie, the information of the user who wrote that comment, and when that user commented. This is a 5 points functionality as I\'92ve called another API call that retrieves the reviews of the movie by using the movie id. By doing so, I displayed a UILabel with the content of the review, the author of the review, and when the comment was made. This allows users to have various opinions on their favorite movies.\
\
5 points: The user has another tab bar called popular actors. By accessing this tab, the user will be able to see top 20 most popular actors in a table view setting. This is a 5 points functionality, as I\'92ve called a API call to retrieve most popular actors and then cap the maximum listed as 20 people. Then, the actors are listed by their popularity score which is also displayed next their names. This helps the users to easily know who the trending actors are.\
\
2 points: The user has another tab bar called popular actors. There is an image along with the names to show the appearance of the actors respectively. This is a 2 points functionality, as I used API call for getting actors, and then use the profile_path to get the images of the actors and then had to display in the tableview. This helps the users what actors they are looking for visually. \
\
Extra Credit Done.\cf2 \
\
}